README.md, before:

# ETHFALCON

ETHFALCON gather experimentations around FALCON adaptations for the ETHEREUM ecosystem. [Falcon signature scheme](https://falcon-sign.info/) is a post-quantum digital signature algorithm. 




## SPECIFICATION

The repo implements several versions of FALCON, some are tunned to EVM constraints, find specification [here](./doc/specification.md) 


## INSTALLATION

**This is an experimental work, not audited: DO NOT USE IN PRODUCTION, LOSS OF FUND WILL OCCUR**

The repo contains a solidity verifier and a python signer. 

* **Installation:**
    ```bash
    make install
    ```
    (or `make install_signer` or `make install_verifier`)
* **Tests:**
    ```bash
    make test
    ```
    (or `make test_signer` or `make test_verifier`)

## BENCHMARKS

Benchmarks for both solidity code and python are available [here](./doc/benchmarks.md)

Current fastest implementation is 1.9M gas.

## CONCLUSION

This repo provides a highly optimized version of FALCON. Order of magnitudes were gained compared to other implementations. In our search, we also devise a way to implement falcon with recovery without requiring the inverse NTT transformation (only forward).
Despite those efforts, it does not seem plausible to reach operational (below 1M) verification cost. Nevertheless, the provided code allow Account Abtraction using 7702 or 4337 from today.
The architecture also demonstrates that providing NTT would allow an acceptable cost, and provide more genericity and agility in the PQ signature candidate of Ethereum. For this reason [NTT-EIP]() is submitted.

## REFERENCES
- [[EXTCODE COPY TRICK]](https://eprint.iacr.org/2023/939) section 
- [[FALCON]](https://falcon-sign.info/falcon.pdf) Falcon: Fast-Fourier Lattice-based
Compact Signatures over NTRU
- [[NTT-EIP]]() NTT-EIP as a building block for FALCON, DILITHIUM and Stark verifiers 
- [[Tetration]](https://github.com/Tetration-Lab/falcon-solidity/blob/main/src/Falcon.sol) Falcon solidity.

Commit message:

update readme with deployment addresses + fmt

README.md, after:

# ETHFALCON

ETHFALCON gather experimentations around FALCON adaptations for the ETHEREUM ecosystem. [Falcon signature scheme](https://falcon-sign.info/) is a post-quantum digital signature algorithm. 




## SPECIFICATION

The repo implements several versions of FALCON, some are tunned to EVM constraints, find specification [here](./doc/specification.md) 


## INSTALLATION

**This is an experimental work, not audited: DO NOT USE IN PRODUCTION, LOSS OF FUND WILL OCCUR**

The repo contains a solidity verifier and a python signer. 

* **Installation:**
    ```bash
    make install
    ```
    (or `make install_signer` or `make install_verifier`)
* **Tests:**
    ```bash
    make test
    ```
    (or `make test_signer` or `make test_verifier`)

## BENCHMARKS

Benchmarks for both solidity code and python are available [here](./doc/benchmarks.md)

Current fastest implementation is 1.9M gas.


## EXAMPLE

An example showing generation of keys and signatures usingg python followed by onchain verification is [here](./doc/example.md).

## DEPLOYMENTS

Current deployment addresses:

| Function                   | Description               |address | networks |
|------------------------|---------------------|---------------------|---------------------|
| FALCON     | Falcon implementation      | 0x98e9b2f930862945e1b26fe5c0c0b420ce75e0d6 | Holesky|
| 7702 VERIFIER      | 7702 Delegable contract      | N/A | N/A |


FALCON: 

7702 VERIFIER : 

## CONCLUSION

This repo provides a highly optimized version of FALCON. Order of magnitudes were gained compared to other implementations. In our search, we also devise a way to implement falcon with recovery without requiring the inverse NTT transformation (only forward).
Despite those efforts, it does not seem plausible to reach operational (below 1M) verification cost. Nevertheless, the provided code allow Account Abtraction using 7702 or 4337 from today.
The architecture also demonstrates that providing NTT would allow an acceptable cost, and provide more genericity and agility in the PQ signature candidate of Ethereum. For this reason [NTT-EIP]() is submitted.

## REFERENCES
- [[EXTCODE COPY TRICK]](https://eprint.iacr.org/2023/939) section 
- [[FALCON]](https://falcon-sign.info/falcon.pdf) Falcon: Fast-Fourier Lattice-based
Compact Signatures over NTRU
- [[NTT-EIP]]() NTT-EIP as a building block for FALCON, DILITHIUM and Stark verifiers 
- [[Tetration]](https://github.com/Tetration-Lab/falcon-solidity/blob/main/src/Falcon.sol) Falcon solidity.
